>> Erik Reinert: And so
you can see that in this phase,
that's one of our first key points,
we wanna support multiple teams, right?
You could probably look at App Runner and
go like, yeah, sure,
like it could work with multiple teams.
But I would argue that at some point
somebody would probably trip over somebody
else and something would happen.
And so we want a more like
a better environment for
multiple people who are gonna
be touching it, right?
We want minimal deployment friction.
So that's in itself a really big
challenge, which is like if you have,
I don't know, five or six teams of
10 people on it each and they're all
deploying at the same time, how do you
make sure that there's no friction there?
How do you make sure all of
those deployments are going out?
We're talking hundreds
of deployments a day,
potentially to hundreds of different
microservices that exist in the system.
We want long term architected solutions,
again,
this kind of goes back to
the whole App Runner thing.
App Runner is a great tool,
especially when you're starting or
when you're a smaller team.
But there are other solutions that can be
explored with containers especially, and
even infrastructure in general.
There's a lot that we are not
really in control of right now.
We don't have control
of the load balancer.
We don't have control over really any part
of the container orchestration stack.
We really just have the ability to
set a port, set CPU and ram and
then the things that you would
really just need to configure
a service that's all we
can really care about.
I would say that this last one is more
than likely a part of the scale part,
which is we have some money to
spend in the first two phases.
You're probably also hearing we
need to save as much as we can.
Do it for cheap, do it free if you can.
That is very common in a startup or even
a growth scale because you don't want to
spend tons of money yet where you, you
know, where you don't necessarily need it.
You'd rather put that towards whatever
your platform or your service is.
But there does hopefully become a point in
an organization where you are able to kind
of take a step back after running so
much and go like, okay, we've got
some money to spend, like, let's clean
up here, let's optimize where we can.
You really should, like, hopefully you
shouldn't be at a point where pretty much
your whole experience there is just, you
know, like, we can't because of budget.
That's not a good answer.
Always.
Most of the time it's fine, you know,
but the reality of it is is at some
point if you're making
a decision to better things and
it does cost money,
that's part of business.
That's just like, here,
take money, solve problem.
There's bigger solutions that
come out of that, right?
And so I do believe that like at
some point you will have to spend,
spend some money, but
it's about allocating that money in a way
where it actually rewards more back.
Like, okay,
we are going to spend money on this, but
we're not going to have to manage that.
And that's actually an example of
the whole CI system at my work.
Again, as I said before, we don't really
worry about our CICD system at all.
And one of the reasons for
that is because a long time ago I and
my team decided that we didn't want
to manage the CICD system scheduler.
We didn't want to manage that part
because that's the part that sucks,
that's the part that's annoying to manage.
The queue went down, the database
isn't working, the system's locked up,
we got to restart the.
All that stuff sucks.
All I want to do is just be like,
you tell me when I need to run a job and
I'll give you an instance.
And that is what's made it so
that CICD has been thoughtless and
not worried about at all
because it's just provisioning.
And as long as it keeps provisioning,
we're fine.
So having some money to spend there and
say, okay, we'll use CircleCI and
spend that,
we know that that's a cost that we want.
But then knowing within the return that
because we're not managing that part of
the system,
we don't have to worry about it.
Downtime for us hopefully would be never,
unless it's our fault.
Okay, so the phase goals are going to
be create infrastructure automation.
So we haven't touched infrastructure
automation at all yet.
I want to kind of point out here that
think about that right after everything
we did, we haven't touched
Terraform at all, right?
That is kind of a sign to show and
something I wanted to,
you know, exemplify,
which is you don't need to write
infrastructure as code to be successful.
Like you don't.
If you really want, you can go directly,
you know, to minimal,
you know, mvp, get it out the door and
start like that's how
a lot of companies are Actually
making tons of money right now.
You know, they don't care about what
their deployment system is or whatever.
Like they only care about their
application that they're building and
how quickly they can get it out the door.
And so I have a friend who works on
a really big, very popular bot on Twitch,
and I talk to him often and
I'm like, how are you doing this?
Are you using containers?
He's like, no, dude, it's a VPC or a vps
just running as big as it possibly can
because he scales vertically,
he doesn't scale horizontally.
And I was like, why do you do that?
And he's like, because it's easier to
manage and I get better performance.
And I was like, yeah,
okay, that makes sense.
So there's a lot of different cases
where you just don't need it.
And you can be in scenarios where you just
don't need infrastructure automation yet.
Although it always can help, there still
is a cost sink into how much time it
takes to set up and
manage and all that stuff.
So we want to create cloud
environments as well.
Basically, once we have our
infrastructure automation set up,
we want to be able to compose
environments with that automation.
I want to be able to say,
okay, this is staging and
then this is prod and so forth and so on.
We want to be able to create
a promotion process as well.
So we want to be able to say, okay, cool,
I have merged into my main branch and
that'll go to staging.
And then whether I tag or
sorry, tag or push to a branch,
whatever, then it'll go to
production if we want it to.
So we want to actually have a promotion
process because right now we've just been
basically pushing to prod and
then create application observability.
We had a little bit of
observability yesterday, but
we want to be able to
create more if possible.
Something like App Runner will only
really vendor lock us into CloudWatch and
Amazon products, but.
But with something like ECS,
there's a bit more options on the table
because you have access to the vm, right?
So you can install your own log push and
stuff like that.
Yeah, so those are our phase goals.
Requirements is pretty
much exactly the same.
Again, this whole project revolves around
pretty much these requirements, so
there really shouldn't be anything
that you guys need to set up.
The only thing I will say is,
again, just make sure.
Actually the one thing that we're missing
on here is the one thing we need today,
which is Terraform.
I don't know why that's not there, but.
Yeah, make sure you have
terraform installed.
Right.
And we're going to
be using terraform heavily today.